feat(insomnia): Git sync credentials (#3898)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/insomnia/storage.md

> When you create a project with Git sync in an organization, it's only available to you. The project name, its metadata, and the corresponding Git URL are not shared with other users in the organization. To collaborate on a Git sync project, each user must create a project and connect to the Git repository. This allows you to control who can access the project within the organization. <br><br>
> You can also create the Git Sync project now and add a repository later. 

> To use Git Sync, either create a new project or edit the settings of an existing project. From the **Type** dropdown menu, select "Git Sync". You can either add your Git repository credentials here, or add them to your local `git.config` file or configure them in **Preferences** > **Credentials** {% new_in 12.3 %}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Git Sync, either create a new project or edit the settings of an existing project. From the **Type** dropdown menu, select "Git Sync". 

Configure the credentials for your Git repository using one of the following options:
* Add the credentials here, in the Git Sync config
* Add the credentials to your local `git.config` file
* Configure the credentials in **Preferences** > **Credentials** {% new_in 12.3 %}
```
